Gwenevere Abriel: Kelly. Kelly.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're in your camper.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Opening up a note. So I'm gonna have just a little quiet second here. You can talk, but I'm just let me know why my
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm looking all over the place.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Two.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we are. Do not for you. We're good. Alright, so you were talking about some pretty pretty important decisions that you were contemplating
Gwenevere Abriel: How you doing around those those ideas.
Kelli Ottnat: I'm still kind of stuck with that and it's that's been bothering me a lot because I've just been there, you know,
Kelli Ottnat: And I've thought about it and thought about it.
Kelli Ottnat: The only thing that
Kelli Ottnat: I can't make any plans right now. I guess that's the problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, so you thought about and thought about making a plan and then you're saying I can't make any plans right now. So what's a way of you making plans.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's in the way of you making a decision.
Kelli Ottnat: Not knowing
Kelli Ottnat: Not, I mean,
Kelli Ottnat: Not really being financially able to do that for one
Kelli Ottnat: And not really knowing
Kelli Ottnat: What to expect.
Kelli Ottnat: From people like us. I really don't want to put this on anybody but
Gwenevere Abriel: Not knowing what to expect from him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not knowing what to expect from home.
See if he can get that in
Kelli Ottnat: From
Kelli Ottnat: From Scott and
Kelli Ottnat: Jude grandparents. I mean, I can kind of expect
Kelli Ottnat: I just assume that they're going to stay the same.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a safe bet.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk a little bit about the financial part
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't hear much about that from you around notions of preparation and remember before you left the state that conversation was coming up. I was asking you questions about how to prepare didn't stick around for it. You left it whatever was fine, your choice.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this is the first time I'm kind of hearing. I want to take a look at the financial stability for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nevermind feelings. Nevermind expectation
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what you want, what, how you deem stable might not be what you have now what stable might look like. What do you think about, like, What do you mean
Kelli Ottnat: Well, I'm I did make a lot of progress on getting my driver's license back
Kelli Ottnat: This week,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, tell me about
Kelli Ottnat: I paid. I got a stimulus check for this code 19
Kelli Ottnat: I paid off.
Kelli Ottnat: Tickets that were
Kelli Ottnat: I couldn't have been able to pay it off, unless I had a large lump sum sum of money. So I took care of that.
Kelli Ottnat: It'll cost me less than $90 to walk away with a driver's license. Now,
Uh huh.
Kelli Ottnat: And I have a job lined up with the census.
Kelli Ottnat: I just, I had to have a driver's license.
Kelli Ottnat: Or that
Kelli Ottnat: It pays pretty good money. I think it's like 17 or $18 an hour. I figured in the three months that I would be working for them.
Kelli Ottnat: I'd make enough money to
Kelli Ottnat: Buy a home, you know, rent a home somewhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many months again.
Kelli Ottnat: Three months.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not got it. So it's a full time gig.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Kelli Ottnat: as many hours as I as I won't work.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many hours do you want to work.
Kelli Ottnat: As much as I can.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me ask you just now I'm looking at goals. Do you want to set a goal of saving a certain amount of money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, I don't know, three grand 10 grand five grand two grand, something like that. And then we can watch that and track that we can see if it starts to leak somewhere if they're spending can kind of watch that.
Kelli Ottnat: Yeah.
Kelli Ottnat: That's kind of my, on my plan for the census. I'm
Kelli Ottnat: I'm kind of, I don't know if I'll be able to get the job though.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have to
Kelli Ottnat: I have to show up in person and pay i don't i don't know i may it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, what
Kelli Ottnat: pay a fee down in Louisiana.
Kelli Ottnat: For my license.
Gwenevere Abriel: To show them can t. So I did here. All I gotta do is pay $90 so when we keep talking. There's something else, holding me up something in Louisiana. What's the fee. What is that, is that a bail, something, something. What is that
Kelli Ottnat: That's a small feeling of I guess it's a click to get a clearance for the DMV.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. How much is it
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have to show up in person. Well,
Kelli Ottnat: Yeah, but I mean, maybe I could send somebody in more me
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh. Okay, so that's a call to find those facts out
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how do you know there's $25
Kelli Ottnat: I was on the phone with them. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you made the call. And then what's missing is maybe nobody mentioned and didn't ask
Gwenevere Abriel: If it can be hand delivered by a representative or a proxy and how to accomplish that proxy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe there's people you can kind of do that maybe a grandparent or somebody could be a proxy. So maybe another call to ask about it. Yeah, I would.
Kelli Ottnat: Say,
Kelli Ottnat: That's why I gave up yesterday on it.
Kelli Ottnat: The Office won't be open until May 15 to take a fee, that's what it was.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe 15
Right.
Kelli Ottnat: So I guess that
Kelli Ottnat: Tells me that I need to
Kelli Ottnat: Forget about working for the census.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well now what
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it because I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Just saying you're 100% sure that there's no other options.
Kelli Ottnat: I'll call them again and see if I can push or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: A temporary something just an ID something so that you know what's an alternative. How are there ever any communications that go interstate understanding, somehow, is there something I can do that. I could pay New Mexico's
Gwenevere Abriel: Department of Motor Vehicles, and they can sort of have that sort of in an escrow. I mean, you start throwing crap out, see what they say.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, and then you guys are closed and yeah this is a time of exception, you know, with what all is going on and I can actually be earning a living, I could have a job that contributes to our economy. I see a lot of sides.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know this is a really odd time is your supervisor available. Maybe I could see if they've got some creative ideas and just keep seeing if you can find me. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not your style. I bet, but can do it.
Kelli Ottnat: So that's, that's my plan for my finances as of right now, if, if the census doesn't work out.
Kelli Ottnat: I think Texas is going back to business as usual. This week, maybe I heard so.
Kelli Ottnat: Mexico won't be
Kelli Ottnat: Too far behind.
Gwenevere Abriel: So back to I want to say give me a number.
Kelli Ottnat: Of
Kelli Ottnat: It would be nice to have.
Kelli Ottnat: Three, three or four grand
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you start looking for a place if you had three
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so why don't we start there and see where where it gets us. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it sounds like first part, you've already got moving and grooving here, you're out looking for a job you found one. That's a great income and what's holding you up. Is this ID and what's holding that up is this clearance fee.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would it be like to be on the phone with someone and keep going until
Gwenevere Abriel: You truly could not get the yes out of that person.
Kelli Ottnat: And I guess I would have really
Kelli Ottnat: When I started making the calls it wasn't, you know,
Kelli Ottnat: I need my driver's license, but for some reason, I wasn't really thinking about this job and pushing forward even though in the back of my mind. I knew that I know that once I get my license, you know, and if there's a rush for for that. But for some reason, it just wasn't really
Kelli Ottnat: Organized history.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It wasn't dots weren't connecting somehow they weren't associated the importance the urgency of it, maybe you weren't feeling that when you were on the phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now that you have it maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: A little more assertive, a little more. Another question. Another question. Maybe there's someone who has an idea, what do people do with the office closed. Where do you direct people
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, you know, business and things still have to keep moving forward.
Gwenevere Abriel: And also what about New Mexico's Department of Motor Vehicles. Maybe they have exceptions that can be made to so maybe it's two calls trying to find out the yes from one side or the other. Somebody to make an exception might be convenient right now. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe it's the employer that also might make an exception, could you take a picture of, I don't know, because the census sounds like it's a government job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, they may not be as flexible.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because they're going to want to send into right w w to book 1099 or whatever to to chart in your
Gwenevere Abriel: Your taxes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I
Kelli Ottnat: Have an ID. I just need
Kelli Ottnat: A driver's license. Before I go down.
Kelli Ottnat: In the paperwork.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll just start with client will obtain a driver's license.
Gwenevere Abriel: Once it I am diving lessons because far as I can tell, doesn't look like you're having any challenges picking a job going after the job getting it. It just sounds like it's this license is getting in the way. Right here.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we just right as
Gwenevere Abriel: So the other piece of this had to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: Scott
Gwenevere Abriel: You focused quite a bit more on that dynamic on the last time we met.
Kelli Ottnat: I really feel like it's time for me to
Kelli Ottnat: To probably go
Kelli Ottnat: But I don't know how to do that on
Kelli Ottnat: I left to go yesterday.
Kelli Ottnat: Like literally, I was gonna go
Kelli Ottnat: Sleep.
Kelli Ottnat: Down behind a Walmart or something.
Kelli Ottnat: Until I could find.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Kelly sorry and unmute yourself someone texted yet. So Kelly why the urgency why
Gwenevere Abriel: Why does it have to be urgent yesterday what was going on that it seemed urgent that you go
Kelli Ottnat: God
Kelli Ottnat: And doing his thing.
Kelli Ottnat: It's time for me to go and we got into an argument argument yesterday, Aaron.
Kelli Ottnat: Mind.
Kelli Ottnat: I mean I can, I can handle.
Kelli Ottnat: A lot of things, but
Kelli Ottnat: Is when he gets upset.
Kelli Ottnat: Like he jumps to talk and
Kelli Ottnat: Hateful
Okay.
Kelli Ottnat: So she's ready
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't want to be around that that hateful talk and
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is he doing math.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you recognize it. Don't you
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's not him anymore. It's now it's drug. So it's
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not going to be as sensitive about your feelings. Not gonna care because right now. It's the addict. That's it. You're living with and so that urgency, I gotta go.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Scott. Scott might not be present, the person
Kelli Ottnat: Fear. I told him that like
Kelli Ottnat: I'm listening to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: I imagine that it's hard to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: These things right.
Gwenevere Abriel: To talk about someone you care about that's going through this
Gwenevere Abriel: And to make a decision based on his most recent behavior. I imagine you don't want to be made a decision based on right your substance use. You don't want to be treated like that. And so maybe you're hoping, hoping please let it stop. But the truth of the matter is right in front of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's using again.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Scott the authentic self. The one that loves you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't around
Gwenevere Abriel: The addict doesn't care. It will lie. It will steal it will emotionally abused it will sometimes physically abuse assault exploit because all it cares about, especially with that with the math piece. It's just
Gwenevere Abriel: This rush of domain that's like this, this much when
Gwenevere Abriel: A sunset is like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't compete with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But don't mean the amount that it facilitates in the brain is in the brain. All it cares about is getting this feeling again.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not thinking, how am I hurting the people I love who might. It's not doesn't have a the the addict has no morals whatsoever.
Gwenevere Abriel: only cares about. I cannot have the crushing depression that follows when I don't have the mass. I can't feel that depressed and I gotta just chase this feeling this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this little thing this little was a nice conversation or maybe I had a piece of chocolate. It's not going to cut it all, it cares about is that it get this this this high
Gwenevere Abriel: So Scott isn't making decisions the addict is
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're in a small space. That's scary.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I get it now because I was wondering why is the back a Walmart has what's the urgency. Now I see it, now I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's, those are words like, you know, do you want me to pull up my list of places you could call to spy and set up some support. Do you want me to pull up my get this little list. I'm starting to build i don't i probably already have the numbers, but I can bring them up.
Kelli Ottnat: I can try.
Kelli Ottnat: Yeah, I'll take down any information because things
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Let me see. I might already have it open, unless somebody asked for it recently.
Gwenevere Abriel: As call and called it
Gwenevere Abriel: Mexico resources. It's not a lot, a lot, but I did call a few of them think about two or three weeks ago, everybody. I talked to was. Oh, nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh, you're so sweet and so helpful and then it led to this other conversation and this other conversation. So let me just pull this up, New Mexico.
Gwenevere Abriel: There it is. OK. So I'm going to share my screen with you when you can either screenshot. You can write stuff down whatever works for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is who I talked to, I spoke with someone from this this place beret Foundation, which it
Gwenevere Abriel: JUST SPOKE WITH A WOMAN here.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a, like a shelter, a woman shelter.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then safe house I spoke with them about the protocol you have you call them and they interview you over the phone takes like 20 minutes. They want to know that you're meeting their criteria, kind of thing that one might be requiring a domestic violence presence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Either you're kind of minimizing that existence. I don't know that right now. It might be emotional, violence, but I don't know if it's reaching the domestic violence, but if it is. You wouldn't want to hold back if you wanted in the door, you would want to make sure you included that okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Then there's, I don't know what these are. But this one I've heard from several clients, um, it's Esperanza shelter. I put a smiley face because
Gwenevere Abriel: Two people have said that they were treated just so well, they're
Gwenevere Abriel: So like, oh, that's cool. And I don't know anything about morning star.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then this is a in Sunnyvale County is haven house and Valencia shelter is in Berlin.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then this is so these up here because originally it was me looking for food.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this, this one here is in Las Cruces, this one's in Albuquerque.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: You want me to look anything else up
Kelli Ottnat: Huh. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not really. Okay, so maybe that would get the conversation going. Maybe if you made a call. You could get a sense of what they're looking for. What would that be like. And just in case. Sorry, I got something floating around in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look, I'm seeing things.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that might be a better alternative to
Gwenevere Abriel: Back of Walmart kind of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to get off your chest. How sad it makes you to see someone you love, go through this
Kelli Ottnat: I'm really just kind of letting him do his thing and and believing that
Kelli Ottnat: He'll get it together that I'm you know I'm a firm believer in the Holy Spirit working on people and
Kelli Ottnat: Getting high is not always, you know, you get that rush of
Kelli Ottnat: Goodness good time, but it's not that it's not always that great you know there's that much bad that comes with a lot of time.
Kelli Ottnat: So I am believing that
Kelli Ottnat: He'll get it together, but
Kelli Ottnat: In the meantime,
Kelli Ottnat: I know
Kelli Ottnat: I don't want to be talked to, like a like a dog, you know, do what you want. Stay on
Kelli Ottnat: Whatever. But don't you know come into my happy world that I've created and
Kelli Ottnat: Of itself, it's time for me to go. I've got friends in Louisiana.
Kelli Ottnat: That are ready for me to get down there.
Kelli Ottnat: That distance between Scott and I has been
Kelli Ottnat: There for a long time. So,
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: check in with yourself and see see
Gwenevere Abriel: What the hesitation was about telling me about it. See if you can find what the answer to that question might be,
Kelli Ottnat: I really believe that you will
Kelli Ottnat: He will, you know,
Kelli Ottnat: Get back to where he needs to be.
Kelli Ottnat: With with not using
Kelli Ottnat: And
Kelli Ottnat: I don't know why I will tell you, really, I just
Kelli Ottnat: I feel like he'll
Kelli Ottnat: Get it together, come back, we're going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: When you think about the importance of changing the people were around the places that we're staying the things we're doing around recovery.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pretty important to my client that you be in an environment that supports your recovery plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think that maybe you didn't want to tell me for a specific reason that something about me knowing about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm.
Kelli Ottnat: I'm pretty strong in my recovery.
Kelli Ottnat: He came home, the other night and handed me some stuff and asked me to flush that he was done.
Kelli Ottnat: And I flushed it. I think he was probably kind of surprised.
Gwenevere Abriel: It wasn't that's your thing. I can't remember if that was ever your thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did for
Kelli Ottnat: This stuff for a few years.
Gwenevere Abriel: I forgot that timeline. We did, but his way in the back of my mind that maybe there was a some history with it. So you were surprised to how easy it was to do
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. You got tested. Didn't you
Gwenevere Abriel: Passed nice
Gwenevere Abriel: But this has to do with an interpersonal dynamic. This has to do with what is it like for you to sit here with me now knowing that I know what you've been living with what's that like
Kelli Ottnat: Kind of it kind of kind of fear.
Kelli Ottnat: I guess.
Kelli Ottnat: I don't know why.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it feel more real. Now that you've told me
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe, maybe that's part of it.
Kelli Ottnat: Part of me thinks that I should
Kelli Ottnat: Stop right hard and just be quiet.
Kelli Ottnat: But I can't do that.
Kelli Ottnat: Just kind of put all my trust and
Kelli Ottnat: Into what we have going on here.
Kelli Ottnat: And in God. I mean, you know, forced
Kelli Ottnat: By him but
Kelli Ottnat: It's, it's really hard to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm curious about how do you know when
Gwenevere Abriel: To act on which message.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that the message of put my hands up and have faith. What does faith. How does faith. Move on this planet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't isn't there some information about how to take action. How do you, how do you register when to go to Walmart parking lot versus stay like how do you interpret the Word of God. How do you know which part to take action on
Kelli Ottnat: I think that as long as I'm
Kelli Ottnat: For example, I'm dealing with that with with with something here now.
Kelli Ottnat: We have a neighbor, he uses, you know, do I do I run him off.
Kelli Ottnat: If I make a you know a fuss about it to Scott and say you need to go, he's bad for you to be around or
Kelli Ottnat: Or do I just put my faith in God and
Kelli Ottnat: Believe that everything's, you know, evolving in a healthy way even though you know from it from an unhealthy.
Kelli Ottnat: Way.
Kelli Ottnat: And I don't know, I just kind of have to meditate on
Kelli Ottnat: I'm just very slow and careful
Gwenevere Abriel: Slow and careful and your, your, your speech style reflects that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So something I had setting group and I had this in my head for so long that I had forgotten the author, but apparently Dr. Gabriel reminded me oh it's Byron Katie, that's where that came from. I was like, I didn't even read her stuff. But this phrase has stuck with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: At any given juncture right
Gwenevere Abriel: At any given point. This is all me. That's not Byron Katie, I'm going to say the scent of the statement in a minute, but
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're feeling lost, confused, like that one like
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the right thing to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: They both look right. They both look wrong, what the heck.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you try this question on
Gwenevere Abriel: See where it gets you
Gwenevere Abriel: Not hands off the wheel. Right. Aren't you still don't. You still have to have your when you're driving. Don't you still have to have your hands on the wheel.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is where I'm trying to get to. Where does it begin where I get my hands on the wheel.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when's the times that I just let the car slamming do
Gwenevere Abriel: cavern.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see where I'm going. Is that the moments you face though sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: Your which one's faith, which one are they both
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you know which one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's the question.
Gwenevere Abriel: what would love do
Gwenevere Abriel: Every single time. Not quite. God but stick with love for just a second, because it exact a little bit different hand on the wheel. It puts a little bit more behavior in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice to do
Gwenevere Abriel: To do.
Gwenevere Abriel: what would love do
Gwenevere Abriel: And don't overanalyze it
Gwenevere Abriel: Loves never wrong. You're not going to go wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: But catching the glimpse as it passes by. When that answer comes by sometimes love
Gwenevere Abriel: Is going to be flooding to you. It's going to be coming to you. That's what love with you, it would come at me and I would do love I would make sure that I was safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: And not be distracted over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what love would look like.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes love will be sacrificed sometimes love would be
Gwenevere Abriel: On a different things. But if that's what steers each decision. How can you go wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's apply it to neighbor and see where it gets you try to catch. I know you're so say the Go slow and I think
Gwenevere Abriel: But still try to catch
Gwenevere Abriel: That first answer.
Gwenevere Abriel: You love Scott
Gwenevere Abriel: Scotts
Gwenevere Abriel: In your imagination at higher risk because of said neighbor.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: In this scenario. So remember that player, because that's a part of the stage as well. You're on the stage to you're there. So these other characters. They may not be right here. But there's also this greater mission, which I think is to get to back to be with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's a question.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would love to.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your first answer to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do
Gwenevere Abriel: Catch the first one. Try not to censor Kelly. What's the first one that you just decided not to tell me
Kelli Ottnat: Patient
Gwenevere Abriel: Be patient.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: WHAT ARE YOU WAITING. WHAT'S THE PATIENT'S needed for. And yes, there's the answer. It's sort of that quiet. It's to do is maybe not rushing to the obvious enabling behavior or doing for Scott what he needs to be doing for himself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Letting consequence happen the way it naturally organically would if you didn't interfere. Maybe that's it i don't know but patient. So what are you being patient for what's on the other side of patients.
Kelli Ottnat: Healing
Okay.
Kelli Ottnat: Resolved.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know if it was energy, something happened the other night that you almost or maybe even started to walk, you know, remember what you said towards Walmart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was that patients.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was that
Gwenevere Abriel: What was love doing right then.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the answer to the question in you getting your shoes on walking.
Kelli Ottnat: I guess I was just
Kelli Ottnat: Taking care of myself.
Kelli Ottnat: Love really wasn't a thought.
Kelli Ottnat: Actually, and I thought about that afterwards you kind of had a
Kelli Ottnat: You know, like, where was your faith and
Kelli Ottnat: I didn't really think about it too much, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well let's continue this dialogue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you telling me that love
Gwenevere Abriel: Is reckless
Gwenevere Abriel: And takes the hands off the wheel when what's needed is you put your shoes on and you go
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh this road is so I see I need not be on this road to pull over and I need to sleep until the morning and the sun comes up and it's melted the road and it's safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: How was that not in faith. If I find it. Isn't that what love would do is keep this vessel safe well
Gwenevere Abriel: Why not I thought of it, it's going to keep this body safe. I want this body to exist. Another. I don't know how many years I thought it had the thought, I need to be safe, not reckless. With this body.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is dangerous pullover
Gwenevere Abriel: hands on the wheel, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm suspecting you're calling that selfish. That's my worst fear just now.
Kelli Ottnat: Not so much selfish alone.
Kelli Ottnat: Just, I mean,
Kelli Ottnat: It was like, it's like
Kelli Ottnat: I miss you know it was, it hasn't always been like this or
Kelli Ottnat: But it just felt like I was his target.
Kelli Ottnat: Probably just go
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the solution. So guess what
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not patient
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's something else. What is it, what is that I know the solution is time to go. Got it timings. Right. What is
Gwenevere Abriel: What is the it's not hands on the wheel. What is it, if it's not patients, maybe it is patience but just patients come in a lot of different forms. What is love doing when you say it's just time to go. What are you going to do
Kelli Ottnat: Given us
Gwenevere Abriel: OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see it now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you took care of yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: What were you getting up on
Kelli Ottnat: Green I was
Kelli Ottnat: It was just, I was I was tired of being entitled to
Kelli Ottnat: So bad.
Kelli Ottnat: There wasn't much thought in all that it was mostly just
Kelli Ottnat: Action.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice. My question is to do what would love do, let's say, Well, would love contemplate analyze for a month. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: The answer is going to come from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're fed up. You're tired of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You put action behind keeping yourself safe. That's what love did it got you out of a dangerous environment.
Gwenevere Abriel: We re languages so interesting. I was taking care of myself. And when we pick at it long enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: You kind of have a negative meaning like like you're giving up on something else because you're going towards yourself towards self care towards love of you, you're giving up on something else.
Kelli Ottnat: Right now I feel like
Kelli Ottnat: I'm some stability for Scott, maybe that's
Kelli Ottnat: Listed but
Kelli Ottnat: I don't want him going out and getting just
Kelli Ottnat: Lost in that crowd. You know what I mean like if I wasn't here, then it would be here that the drugs would be here.
Kelli Ottnat: And he comes back here to, you know,
Kelli Ottnat: Sleeping like this thought like it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Good is Scott
Gwenevere Abriel: Really around or is it just the attic and so you're not leaving behind Scott you're leaving behind the addict. When this healthy man shows up again when he's in recovery, you'll recognize him.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's not around.
Gwenevere Abriel: Around
Gwenevere Abriel: The attic treats you like crap.
Gwenevere Abriel: doesn't care about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may want it to be so.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you have evidence because you are an incredibly patient woman. Some might call it enabling which did kind of right um stability for him.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can't do things for someone else, we can say, here's the plan. I got an idea about how you can be stable for yourself, but you don't hear me saying when you're talking about saving money. Well, why don't you lean on Scott for it, talking about you doing talking about you can hold is good.
Kelli Ottnat: I heard you talking about saving money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we're talking about you taking action getting a hold of. So we'll taking action, what would love do you put action behind your vision of getting back with your son. That's what love would do. And anything that gets in its way.
Gwenevere Abriel: That can't be the path.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I was telling you
Gwenevere Abriel: You need to stay with this man, you've committed to them. And you know what, I'm sorry. You made that decision about your son, long time ago. You made that. That's it. You do it you know that's the right thing to do. You made a commitment, Scott. That's it. How's that feel when I say that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really bad right wish you knew right away that is not what I'm looking for, you know right away when it isn't a loving decision.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're not gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: Call the police.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the only thing an advocate here anyway. You're not going to have bars, meaning bars right locking this person from if you're not going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Be the tough love because that's what tough, you know, love would look like with an addict is, you know, I talk a lot about that. I like the felony drug court that I was in, because it has tough love. It can grab a person off the street, pull them in Cassie thing and then they go
Gwenevere Abriel: What did I just do and then come back to me and they say was hated you was so mad at you made me do that. And now I see. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you can't do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what love would do is steady the course do the next thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do know what's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you think it through. You sit over there and I just need to go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that's what love would do, but it isn't that you're wandering across the desert. Is it you know exactly where you're going. You have Louisiana.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a little bill is a $25 bill pay over there. And I want you to think about this job here in New Mexico. I can't even put those two things together.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it's Louisiana. I think you want to be over there.
Kelli Ottnat: I want to be with. I want to be with me. Sure, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything that's contradictory to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not the loving decision.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is Scott making loving decisions when he chooses to escape his own disappointments his own emotions his own failures his own anything. I don't know the man I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Now he's giving up.
Gwenevere Abriel: On himself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because he is enough. He's enough just the way he was born, you are enough and eventually you
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to taper off of this stuff and you're going to get deeper. I think into faith and when you are concerned and scared and all those human emotions.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may. Pray you may breathe. You may journal. You may give yourself. You know, I'm going to take another shower feels so good. I'll take another shower. You may do these other techniques, but you won't reach for a substance reaching for a chemical
Gwenevere Abriel: When the problem is a spiritual one right reading for chemical solution when the problem is a spiritual one you'll stop doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Guys are still doing it, what would love do it would do the next loving thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your course is steady, it's this way. It's up in Louisiana. Anything else that gets in its way.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you are the one that's going to get it there. You have to take care of this one body, you have it includes your emotional state. It includes your psychological well being and you're being assaulted.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the loving thing to do is to protect yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of course, you went walking because you've got a brain in your head, you go, this guy's abusive course you're going to go. He's, he's an addict. He doesn't care about you. Scott, does she haven't seen him in a while.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sure you'll have a conversation when he's back being himself. But for now, he's dangerous.
Gwenevere Abriel: The addict is dangerous.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you know it in yourself. Kelly, you know, when you have made decisions when she were high. All he cared about was the high you weren't there either.
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't you make some decisions. You're like, how could I have done that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I think you
Gwenevere Abriel: Said chemical
Gwenevere Abriel: When you came around, you got some some sobriety behind you that inner voice the authentic self spoke up and said, Okay, I got it. Seriously, I gotta turn towards a spiritual solution, right, I got to do that. And then you quieted this addiction voice and you've been moving forward.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot to chew on.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just wonder in here if you on some level were worried that I was judging him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that a possibility.
Kelli Ottnat: Not really judging him. I just
Kelli Ottnat: He said,
Kelli Ottnat: Everything you know for so many years, everything was just
Kelli Ottnat: No, don't, don't really speak about. So I guess that's just kind of, you know, habit that I'm
Kelli Ottnat: Trying to to
Gwenevere Abriel: So don't say that. Don't say that. Don't say that. And then, don't say that, and don't say that all of it. And so in here. It's all about talking
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's rewind and review.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kelly what felt different for you today.
Kelli Ottnat: The Congress, you know, I was talking, I wasn't as seemed a little more
Kelli Ottnat: Casual
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You felt less intensity since like the last time.
Kelli Ottnat: Ruby.
Gwenevere Abriel: More comfortable talking to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's true. I got some more. I got more information from you, you know, I could
Gwenevere Abriel: I could I could get some
Gwenevere Abriel: Some info.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that I could see that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I enjoyed it. I like hearing what's going on in your head.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do I need to message the doc. Are you still have some medicine left over. We want me to do.
Kelli Ottnat: And I'm still good.
Kelli Ottnat: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's. So here's the thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of touching go like at any minute. You might just dip.
Kelli Ottnat: Into
Believing
Kelli Ottnat: You know,
Kelli Ottnat: I don't know, I've kind of
Kelli Ottnat: So it's difficult, because we've, I've been with Scott for so long. And I've kind of, you know,
Kelli Ottnat: Built a life with him.
Kelli Ottnat: If I mean the things would have been as
Kelli Ottnat: as intense as they were last night all day.
Kelli Ottnat: Know when I probably would still be here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I think I got the message. So you really know. You don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Well, you've got those numbers and if you
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of plan ahead a little and say I just want to know what availability is what's you know what's the typical amount of time, what's the address, let me at least, have it. Then you have some preparation for just in case.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay means you're taking care of yourself. You can't be there as a healthy physical and emotional mommy. You can't, if you keep enduring craziness.
Kelli Ottnat: You
Gwenevere Abriel: You won't be available.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are just facts are
Gwenevere Abriel: Just saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Enough trauma from the past, you don't need it still coming at you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Kelli Ottnat: So glad
Kelli Ottnat: We're gonna happen you know having
Kelli Ottnat: It will, and I will
Kelli Ottnat: Hopefully he will to ensure will be will be good, you know, because
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have any worries about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's going to take one decision after the other, and some of them are going to be hard, hard decisions and you're going to need some kind of compass.
Gwenevere Abriel: When right a loving thing to Scott is this way and Jude is this way. What about me already.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would love to.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try it on. See if you like it, see if it can guide, a little bit more than just hands off the wheel that everything's the patients is sometimes grabbing tight onto that wheel. Isn't that the wisdom of knowing the difference helped me know what would love to right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's schedule another time, and I
Gwenevere Abriel: will confirm it again, or when you're in group on Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your, your groups on Friday. Now I do get I do forget or they find is now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Screen okay alright so Friday. So I'll see you on Friday. Okay, fine. And then there if you're there, then we can reconfirm and let's schedule a time
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my goodness.
Gwenevere Abriel: That can't be right. Oh, I just wrote something. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do
Gwenevere Abriel: Tickets open
Gwenevere Abriel: So you can either have 11 o'clock on May six, or
Gwenevere Abriel: Could do another
Gwenevere Abriel: Late like to 10
Gwenevere Abriel: Basically any day, Tuesday, Wednesday or Thursday of next week.
Kelli Ottnat: We'll go for 11
Gwenevere Abriel: A six at 11am
Gwenevere Abriel: And will confirm that again on Friday. You know me, I always do that. I can remember. I say, which got so write that down. And then when Dr. Solomon asked, you can say, May six o'clock.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Ready to face today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, was a pleasure to talk to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can remember that phrase, see if it's useful.
I will
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk to you later.